{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 36Kr\
During my internship at 36Kr, I worked as a 
\f1\b content intern
\f0\b0  focusing on overseas business articles within a startup media team. With significant creative freedom from my supervisor, I independently completed two well-received articles, handling everything from topic planning and desk research to interviews and writing. 
\f1\b This experience honed my market research and resource integration skills and sparked a deep interest in global business.
\f0\b0 \
\
ByteDance\
Curious about big tech, I joined ByteDance as a 
\f1\b content operations intern
\f0\b0  for Toutiao\'92s encyclopedia business. The role gave me insight into large corporations, with their robust structures, mature workflows, and vast knowledge bases. 
\f1\b However, the intern tasks were highly fragmented, requiring strict adherence to SOPs with little room for creativity, even in planning activities. 
\f0\b0 I felt like a cog in a machine, unsure of my impact, which led me to consider leaving the corporate world.\
\
RightBrain AI\
Later, a serendipitous opportunity brought me to RightBrain Tech, a startup fresh off its angel round, where I was 
\f1\b the only intern
\f0\b0  in the operations team, reporting directly to the founder. As the team grew with like-minded colleagues, the environment buzzed with energy and creativity. I contributed to the cold launch of 
\f1\b a million-user AIGC creation tool
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b managed social media accounts 
\f0\b0 on X, Instagram, TikTok, and t
\f1\b he official Discord community
\f0\b0 , built my first data dashboard while learning SQL, connected with global users, self-taught 
\f1\b Google Ads
\f0\b0  via YouTube to run my first ad account, wrote PRDs for growth campaigns, and even learned 
\f1\b Vibe Coding
\f0\b0  to create event pages. 
\f1\b This rapid growth fueled my passion for AI product growth\'97nothing excites me more than pushing my boundaries and embracing the possibilities of the unpredictable AI landscape.
\f0\b0 \
}